<num> B-Limit
biggest B-Order
deal B-GroupBy

<num> B-Limit
biggest B-Order
sales B-GroupBy
order I-GroupBy

<num> B-Limit
latest B-Order
deals B-GroupBy

available B-Field
quantity I-Field

average B-Aggregation
delay B-Field
of NULL
delivery NULL

biggest B-Order
deal B-GroupBy

biggest B-Order
opportunity B-GroupBy

biggest B-Order
sales B-GroupBy
order I-GroupBy

buying B-Field
price I-Field

count B-Aggregation
of NULL
employee B-Field

count B-Aggregation
of NULL
items B-Field

count B-Aggregation
of NULL
products B-Field

default B-Field
vendor I-Field

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
employees B-Field

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
items B-Field

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
products B-Field

how B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
is NULL
earned NULL

invoice NULL

item B-Field
count B-Aggregation

latest B-Order
<num> B-Limit
deals B-GroupBy

latest B-Order
sales B-GroupBy
order I-GroupBy

<num>ber B-Aggregation
of NULL
employee B-Field

<num>ber B-Aggregation
of NULL
items B-Field

<num>ber B-Aggregation
of NULL
products B-Field

open B-Field
sales I-Field
order I-Field
quantity I-Field

open B-Field
sales I-Field
quantity I-Field

opportunities B-Field
list NULL

opportunities B-Field

opportunity B-Field

opportunity B-Field
list NULL

order B-Field

ordered B-Field
quantity I-Field

preferred B-Field
vendor I-Field

procurement B-Field
price I-Field

product B-Field
count B-Aggregation

purchase B-Field
price I-Field

purchasing B-Field
price I-Field

sales B-Field
delivery I-Field

sales B-Field
employee I-Field

sales B-Field
invoice I-Field

sales B-Field
order I-Field

sales B-Field
person I-Field

salesemployee B-Field

salesperson B-Field

the NULL
<num> B-Limit
most B-Order
lucrative NULL
products B-GroupBy

the NULL
current NULL
available B-Field
quantity I-Field

the NULL
first B-Order
deal B-GroupBy
<date> B-FilterValue

the NULL
last B-Order
deal B-GroupBy
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

the NULL
top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
back NULL
ordered NULL
quantity NULL
product B-GroupBy

the NULL
top B-Order
back NULL
ordered NULL
quantity NULL
product B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
deal B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
deals B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
opportunities B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
orders B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
projects B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
employee I-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
orders I-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sellers B-GroupBy

top B-Order
sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy

total B-Aggregation
open B-Field
quantity I-Field

total B-Aggregation
open B-Field
sales I-Field
quantity I-Field

total B-Aggregation
ordered B-Field
quantity I-Field

vendor NULL
on NULL
time NULL
receipt NULL

which NULL
product B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
biggest B-Order
back B-OrderBy
order I-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
opportunity B-GroupBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
purchased NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
purchased NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
buyer B-GroupBy
purchase NULL
most B-Order
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
product B-GroupBy
group I-GroupBy
purchased NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Which NULL
product B-GroupBy
group I-GroupBy
purchased NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
vendor B-GroupBy
group I-GroupBy
purchased NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
project B-GroupBy
purchased NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Which NULL
project B-GroupBy
purchased NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
warehouse B-GroupBy
received NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Which NULL
warehouse B-GroupBy
received NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
branch B-GroupBy
received NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

From NULL
which NULL
country B-GroupBy
we NULL
import NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
vendor B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
return NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Which NULL
vendor B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
return NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
product B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
return NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Which NULL
product B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
return NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
buyer B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
return NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Which NULL
buyer B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
return NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Which NULL
branch B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
goods NULL
return NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

What NULL
kind NULL
of NULL
product(s) B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
cancelled NULL
PO NULL

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
amount B-Field
of NULL
purchase NULL
return NULL

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
amount B-Field
of NULL
credit NULL
memo NULL

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
amount B-Field
of NULL
AP NULL
invoice NULL

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
amount B-Field
of NULL
cancelled NULL
PO NULL

What NULL
are NULL
the NULL
figure NULL
of NULL
Purchase B-Field
document I-Field
status I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
price I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
purchased NULL
from NULL
Vendor B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
price I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
buyer B-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue
purchased NULL

The NULL
average B-Aggregation
price B-Field
trend NULL

The NULL
average B-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
price I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> I-FilterValue
vs. NULL
the B-ComparisonWith
same I-ComparisonWith
period I-ComparisonWith
last I-ComparisonWith
quarter I-ComparisonWith

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
purchase NULL
order NULL
ontime B-Field
rate I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
purchase NULL
order NULL
ontime B-Field
rate I-Field
of NULL
Buyer B-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
purchase NULL
order NULL
ontime B-Field
rate I-Field
from NULL
Country B-FilterField
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
purchase NULL
order NULL
lead B-Field
time I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
purchase NULL
order NULL
lead B-Field
time I-Field
of NULL
buyer B-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
purchase NULL
order NULL
lead B-Field
time I-Field
of NULL
country B-FilterField
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
variance B-Field
days I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
variance B-Field
days I-Field
of NULL
buyer B-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
variance B-Field
days I-Field
of NULL
country B-FilterField
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
return I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field
which NULL
purchased NULL
by NULL
buyer B-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
GRPO B-Field
amount I-Field
of NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
GRPO B-Field
amount I-Field
of NULL
Product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
GRPO B-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
Product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
purchase B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field
from NULL
vendor B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Purchase NULL
Order NULL
Open B-Field
Balance I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
GRPO B-Field
Open I-Field
Balance I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Account B-Field
Payable I-Field
Open I-Field
Balance I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
profitable NULL
product B-GroupBy

Which NULL
customer B-GroupBy
contribute NULL
most B-Order

Who NULL
sell NULL
the NULL
best B-Order

Which NULL
branch B-GroupBy
is NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
profitable NULL
branch NULL

Which NULL
Channel B-GroupBy
is NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
profitable NULL
one NULL

Which NULL
territory B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
highest B-Order
profit B-OrderBy
rate I-OrderBy

Which NULL
country B-GroupBy
is NULL
most B-Order
profitable NULL

Which NULL
product B-GroupBy
sold NULL
the NULL
most B-Order

Which NULL
branch B-GroupBy
contribute NULL
most B-Order
to NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Which NULL
territory B-GroupBy
contribute NULL
most B-Order
to NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Which NULL
country B-GroupBy
contribute NULL
most B-Order
to NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Which NULL
project B-GroupBy
contribute NULL
most B-Order
to NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Which NULL
product B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
back B-OrderBy
order I-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
back B-Field
order I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
customer B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

Which NULL
shipping B-GroupBy
type I-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
back B-OrderBy
order I-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Total B-Aggregation
back B-Field
order I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
sales B-FilterField
employee I-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

Which NULL
Channel B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
back B-OrderBy
order I-OrderBy

Which NULL
branch B-GroupBy
has NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
back B-OrderBy
order I-OrderBy

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
selling B-Field
price I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
cost B-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
selling B-Field
price I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
to NULL
customer B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

The NULL
average B-Aggregation
selling B-Field
price I-Field
trend NULL

The NULL
average B-Aggregation
selling B-Field
price I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
A B-FilterValue
vs. NULL
the B-ComparisonWith
same I-ComparisonWith
period I-ComparisonWith
last I-ComparisonWith
year I-ComparisonWith

The NULL
cost B-Field
trend NULL

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
selling B-Field
price I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue
to NULL
Channel B-FilterField
M B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
sales B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
sales B-Field
return I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
sales B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field
of NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
sales B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field
by NULL
sales B-FilterField
employee I-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
sales B-Field
return I-Field
amount I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
returned I-GroupBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
which NULL
returned NULL
most B-Order

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
overall B-Aggregation
ontime B-Field
delivery I-Field
rate I-Field

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delivery NULL
delayed NULL
customer B-GroupBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delivery NULL
on NULL
time NULL
customer B-GroupBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delivery NULL
on-time NULL
customer B-GroupBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delayed NULL
customer B-GroupBy

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
on B-Field
time I-Field
delivery I-Field
rate I-Field
of NULL
sales B-FilterField
employee I-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
on B-Field
time I-Field
delivery I-Field
rate I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
on B-Field
time I-Field
delivery I-Field
rate I-Field
of NULL
BP B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue
Channel B-FilterField
A B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
on B-Field
time I-Field
delivery I-Field
rate I-Field
of NULL
Country B-FilterField
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
sales B-Field
order I-Field
fulfilment I-Field
days I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
sales B-Field
order I-Field
fulfilment I-Field
days I-Field
of NULL
sales B-FilterField
employee I-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
sales B-Field
order I-Field
fulfilment I-Field
days I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
sales B-Field
order I-Field
fulfilment I-Field
days I-Field
of NULL
Branch B-FilterField
<BranchCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
sales B-Field
order I-Field
fulfilment I-Field
days I-Field
of NULL
BP B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue
Channel B-FilterField
ChannelCode B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
sales B-Field
order I-Field
fulfilment I-Field
days I-Field
of NULL
country B-FilterField
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
delivery B-Field
variance I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
delivery B-Field
variance I-Field
of NULL
sales B-FilterField
employee I-FilterField
<SalesEmployeeOrBuyerName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
delivery B-Field
variance I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
delivery B-Field
variance I-Field
of NULL
Branch B-FilterField
<BranchName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
delivery B-Field
variance I-Field
BP B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue
channel B-FilterField
ChannelCode B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
average B-Aggregation
delivery B-Field
variance I-Field
of NULL
country B-FilterField
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Sales B-Field
Order I-Field
Open I-Field
Balance I-Field

open B-Field
sales I-Field
order I-Field
amount I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Sales B-Field
Delivery I-Field
Open I-Field
Balance I-Field

open B-Field
delivery I-Field
amount I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Account B-Field
Receivable I-Field
Open I-Field
Balance I-Field

open B-Field
amount I-Field

who NULL
owes NULL
most B-Order

open B-Field
invoice I-Field
amount I-Field

who NULL
owes NULL
me NULL
most B-Order

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Sales B-Field
Documents I-Field
Balance I-Field
Total B-Aggregation

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Credit B-Field
Limit I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Commitment B-Field
Limit I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
inventory B-Field
status I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
status NULL
of NULL
Item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
Warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseName> B-FilterValue

current NULL
inventory NULL
status NULL

inventory NULL
status NULL

inventory NULL
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
inventory NULL
available B-Field
quantity I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
available B-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
Item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
Warehouse B-FilterField
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
committed B-Field
quantity I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
committed B-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
ordered B-Field
quantity I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
ordered B-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
Item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
in B-Field
stock I-Field
quantity I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
in B-Field
stock I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
Item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
inventory B-Field
value I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
inventory B-Field
value I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
inventory B-Field
value I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue
in NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseName> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
inbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
Item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
outbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
Item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
inbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
value I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
outbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
value I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
inbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
value I-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
total B-Aggregation
out B-Field
bound I-Field
inventory I-Field
value I-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
inbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
to NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
inbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
value I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
to NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
outbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
quantity I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
from NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
outbound B-Field
inventory I-Field
value I-Field
of NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
from NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

List NULL
all NULL
branches B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
cost B-Field
centers I-Field

List NULL
all NULL
country B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
currency B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
employee B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
financial B-Field
period I-Field

List NULL
all NULL
industry B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
item B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
sales B-Field
employee I-Field
or NULL
buyer B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
territory B-Field

List NULL
all NULL
Business B-Field
partner I-Field

customer B-Field

vendor B-Field

lead B-Field

partner B-Field

partners B-Field

Who NULL
sell NULL
the NULL
worst B-Order

the NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
back NULL
ordered NULL
quantity NULL
product B-GroupBy

the NULL
bottom B-Order
back NULL
ordered NULL
quantity NULL
product B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
deal B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
deals B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
opportunities B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
orders B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
projects B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
employee I-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
orders I-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sellers B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
opportunity B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
purchased NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
purchased NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
returned NULL

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
which NULL
returned NULL
most B-Order

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delivery NULL
delayed NULL
customer B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delivery NULL
on NULL
time NULL
customer B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delivery NULL
on-time NULL
customer B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
delayed NULL
customer B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
product B-GroupBy

the NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
worst NULL
selling NULL
items B-GroupBy

the NULL
bottom B-Order
2 B-Limit
worst NULL
selling NULL
customers B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
biggest NULL
customers B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy

the NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
contract B-GroupBy

the NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
project B-GroupBy

the NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
biggest NULL
contract B-GroupBy

the NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
biggest NULL
project B-GroupBy

lowest B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy

who NULL
owes NULL
most NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit

sales B-Field
volume I-Field
from NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy

revenue B-Field
of NULL
bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
items B-GroupBy

worst B-Order
selling NULL
items I-GroupBy

who NULL
is NULL
the NULL
worst B-Order
sales B-GroupBy

who NULL
is NULL
the NULL
worst B-Order
sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy

the NULL
<num> B-Limit
worst B-Order
selling B-GroupBy
products I-GroupBy

<num> B-Limit
worst B-Order
selling B-GroupBy
products I-GroupBy

List NULL
all NULL
warehouse B-Field

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
sell NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
profit B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
sell NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
profit B-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
sell NULL
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
profit B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
sell NULL
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
revenue B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customer B-GroupBy
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
sales B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
profit B-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
by NULL
returned B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
Items B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

Bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
vendors B-GroupBy
by NULL
purchase B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

List NULL
all NULL
sales B-Field
employee I-Field

List NULL
all NULL
buyer B-Field

is NULL
item B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
stock NULL

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sold NULL
out NULL
product B-GroupBy

list NULL
all NULL
prospects B-Field

biggest B-Order
prospects B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
potential NULL
deals B-GroupBy

profit B-Field
margin I-Field
of NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
most B-Order
profitable NULL
products B-GroupBy
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
SO B-GroupBy

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
sales B-Field
orders I-Field
are NULL
delivered NULL
on-time NULL

my NULL
teams NULL
headcount NULL

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
staff B-Field
report NULL
to NULL
me NULL

<num>ber B-Aggregation
of NULL
sales B-Field
staff I-Field

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
sales B-Field
invoices I-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
open NULL
invoices NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

last B-Order
<num> B-Limit
SO B-GroupBy

average B-Aggregation
deal B-Field
size I-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

average B-Aggregation
days B-Field
of I-Field
delays I-Field
in NULL
delivery NULL

supplier B-Field

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
Financial B-Field
Periods I-Field

Financial B-Field
Period I-Field
list NULL

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
Payment B-Field
Methods I-Field

Payment B-Field
Methods I-Field
list NULL

Show NULL
Payment B-Field
Methods I-Field
name I-Field

Show NULL
Payment B-Field
Methods I-Field
Code I-Field

Show NULL
account B-Field
code I-Field

Show NULL
account B-Field
name I-Field

Show NULL
Segmentation B-Field
<AccountCode> I-Field

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
account B-Field
types I-Field

account B-Field
type I-Field
list NULL

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
account B-Field
category I-Field

account B-Field
category I-Field
list NULL

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
account B-Field
level I-Field

account B-Field
level I-Field
list NULL

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
account B-Field
balance I-Field
of NULL
Account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
account B-Field
balance I-Field
of NULL
Account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
Tax B-Field
Groups I-Field

Tax B-Field
Groups I-Field
list NULL

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
Tax B-Field
Category I-Field

Tax B-Field
Category I-Field
list NULL

Show NULL
Tax B-Field
code I-Field

Show NULL
Tax B-Field
Name I-Field

Show NULL
Branch B-Field
Name I-Field

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
branchs B-Field

branch B-Field
list NULL

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
Industry B-Field

Industry B-Field
list NULL

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
project B-Field

project B-Field
list NULL

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
balance B-Field
of NULL
B/S B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

Show NULL
balance B-Field
of NULL
B/S B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
balance B-Field
of NULL
B/S B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
period B-FilterField
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
balance B-Field
of NULL
B/S B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
period B-FilterField
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

compare NULL
balance B-Field
of NULL
B/S B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
with NULL
<date> B-ComparisonWith

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
amount B-Field
of NULL
P&L B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

Show NULL
amount B-Field
of NULL
P&L B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
amount B-Field
of NULL
P&L B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
period B-FilterField
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
amount B-Field
of NULL
P&L B-FilterField
account I-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
period B-FilterField
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

compare NULL
amount B-Field
of NULL
P&L B-ComparisonWith
account I-ComparisonWith
<AccountCode> I-ComparisonWith
with NULL
<date> B-ComparisonWith

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
money B-Field
received I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

Show NULL
money B-Field
received I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
money B-Field
received I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
<FinancialPeriodName> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
money B-Field
received I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
money B-Field
spent I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

Show NULL
money B-Field
spent I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
money B-Field
spent I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
<FinancialPeriodName> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
money B-Field
spent I-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
<FinancialPeriodName> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
money B-Field
received I-Field
and NULL
spent B-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

Show NULL
money B-Field
received I-Field
and NULL
spent B-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
fiscal B-FilterField
year I-FilterField
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
money B-Field
received I-Field
and NULL
spent B-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

Show NULL
money B-Field
received I-Field
and NULL
spent B-Field
of NULL
account B-FilterField
<AccountName> B-FilterValue
in NULL
FiscalYear B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
autoReversed NULL
JE B-Field

AutoReversed NULL
JE B-Field
list NULL

JE B-Field
of NULL
WithholdingTax B-FilterField
Withholding<TaxCode> B-FilterValue

JE B-Field
of NULL
<CashFlowLineItemName> B-FilterField
CashFlowLineItem B-FilterValue

JE B-Field
of NULL
<CategoryName> B-FilterField
<CategoryName> B-FilterValue

Aging B-Field
by NULL
customer B-GroupBy

Aging B-Field
by NULL
customer B-GroupBy
& NULL
transaction B-GroupBy

Aging B-Field
by NULL
customer B-GroupBy
& NULL
project B-GroupBy

Aging B-Field
by NULL
customer B-GroupBy
& NULL
project B-GroupBy
& NULL
transaction B-GroupBy

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
account B-Field
balance I-Field
of NULL
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
account B-Field
balance I-Field
of NULL
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
BP B-Field
balance I-Field
of NULL
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
BP B-Field
balance I-Field
of NULL
<FinancialPeriodCode> B-FilterValue

JE B-Field
of NULL
Posting B-FilterField
Date I-FilterField
<date> B-FilterValue

JE B-Field
of NULL
Due B-FilterField
Date I-FilterField
<date> B-FilterValue

JE B-Field
of NULL
Business B-FilterField
Partner I-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

JE B-Field
of NULL
Document B-FilterField
Type I-FilterField
<DocumentTypeCode> B-FilterValue

JE B-Field
of NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
tax B-Field
of NULL
customer B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
tax B-Field
of NULL
vendor B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
tax B-Field
of NULL
tax B-FilterField
code I-FilterField
<TaxName> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
tax B-Field
of NULL
FederalTaxID B-FilterField
FederalTaxID B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
vat B-Field
of NULL
customer B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
vat B-Field
of NULL
vendor B-FilterField
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
vat B-Field
of NULL
tax B-FilterField
code I-FilterField
FederalTaxID B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
vat B-Field
of NULL
FederalTaxID B-FilterField
FederalTaxID B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
was NULL
sold NULL
for NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
was NULL
receipt NULL
into NULL
warehouse B-FilterField
<WarehouseCode> B-FilterValue
for NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
highest B-Order
selling B-OrderBy
price I-OrderBy
for NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
lowest B-Order
purchasing B-OrderBy
price I-OrderBy
for NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
sales B-Field
margin I-Field
on NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
sales B-Field
orders I-Field
we NULL
have NULL
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
purchase B-Field
orders I-Field
we NULL
have NULL
placed NULL
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

monthly B-GroupBy
revenue B-Field
of NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

least B-Order
popular NULL
item B-GroupBy

sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy
who NULL
sold NULL
least B-Order

sales B-Field
volume I-Field
from NULL
the NULL
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
who NULL
spent NULL
least B-Order

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
country B-GroupBy
by NULL
profit B-OrderBy
<date> B-FilterValue

What’s NULL
the NULL
account B-Field
receivable I-Field
for NULL
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

compare NULL
ar B-Field
invoice I-Field
amount I-Field
with NULL
<date> B-ComparisonWith

What NULL
are NULL
the NULL
account B-Field
receivables I-Field
under NULL
SalesEmployeeOrBuyerNumber B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
account B-Field
receivables I-Field
amount I-Field
under NULL
SalesEmployeeOrBuyerNumber B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

Revenue B-Field
of NULL
<BranchCode> B-ComparisonWith
vs. NULL 
<BranchCode> B-ComparisonWith
<date> B-FilterValue

compare NULL
revenue B-Field
between NULL
<ProjectCode> B-ComparisonWith
and NULL
<ProjectCode> B-ComparisonWith

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
orders I-GroupBy
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
highest B-Order
selling B-Field
price I-Field
for NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
highest B-Order
selling B-Field
price I-Field
for NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
currently NULL

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
current NULL
highest B-Order
selling B-Field
price I-Field
for NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue

the NULL
<num> B-Limit
customers B-GroupBy
who NULL
bought NULL
most B-Order

Show NULL
me NULL
the NULL
products B-Field
which NULL
have NULL
returned B-FilterField
amount I-FilterField
between B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue
and B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
me NULL
the NULL
products B-Field
whose NULL
returned B-FilterField
quantities I-FilterField
exceed B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
orders I-GroupBy
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue
were NULL
sold NULL
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
were NULL
sold NULL
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
were NULL
sold NULL
for NULL
product B-FilterField
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

the NULL
revenue B-Field 
in NULL
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue 
in NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

the NULL
revenue B-Field 
in NULL
<CountryCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

the NULL
revenue B-Field
trend NULL
of NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

the NULL
revenue B-Field
trend NULL
of NULL
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

the NULL
<num> B-Limit
projects B-GroupBy
which NULL
bring NULL
least B-Order
profit B-OrderBy

the NULL
<num> B-Limit
projects B-GroupBy
which NULL
bring NULL
least B-Order
sales B-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

the NULL
<num> B-Limit
projects B-GroupBy
which NULL
bring NULL
least B-Order
revenue B-OrderBy

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Sales B-Field
Delivery I-Field
Open I-Field
Balance I-Field
for NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
earned NULL
from NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
earned NULL
from NULL
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue

compare NULL
ar B-Field
invoice I-Field
amount I-Field
with NULL
<date> B-ComparisonWith

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
ar B-Field
incovices I-Field
are NULL
open NULL

What’s NULL
the NULL
account B-Field
receivable I-Field
balance I-Field
of NULL
<BranchCode> B-FilterValue

ar B-Field
invoice I-Field
has NULL
the NULL
biggest B-Order
balance B-OrderBy
due I-OrderBy

How B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
ar B-Field
invoices I-Field
have NULL
been NULL
credited NULL

ar B-Field
invoices I-Field
will NULL
be NULL
due B-FilterField
in NULL
<num> B-FilterValue
days I-FilterValue

days B-Field
in I-Field
advance I-Field
do NULL
customers NULL
receive NULL
the NULL
goods NULL
shipped NULL
to NULL
<CountryName> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
fast I-Aggregation
do NULL
we NULL
deliver NULL
goods NULL
to NULL
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue

average B-Aggregation
days B-Field
delayed I-Field
for NULL
customers B-GroupBy
to NULL
receive NULL
the NULL
goods NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

how B-Aggregation
late I-Aggregation
do NULL
we NULL
deliver NULL
goods NULL
to NULL
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue

average B-Aggregation
delivery B-Field
variance I-Field
days -I-Field
<BranchName> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

average B-Aggregation
sales I-Field
orders I-Field
fulfilment I-Field
days I-Field
of NULL
<BranchName> B-FilterValue
<date> B-FilterValue

delivery B-Field
time I-Field
variance I-Field
for NULL
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue
for NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

What’s NULL
the NULL
churn NULL
possibility NULL
of NULL
<BusinessPartnerCode> B-FilterValue

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
customers B-GroupBy
in NULL
<BranchName> B-FilterValue

The NULL
average B-Field
selling I-Field
price I-Field
of NULL
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue
vs. NULL
the NULL
same B-ComparisonWith
period I-ComparisonWith
<date> I-ComparisonWith

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Sales B-Field
Documents I-Field
balance I-Field
total B-Aggregation

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue
Commitment B-Field
Limit I-Field

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
<BusinessPartnerName> B-FilterValue
Credit B-Field
Limit I-Field

profit B-Field
broken NULL
down NULL
by NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

how B-Aggregation
profitable I-Aggregation
is NULL
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue

Show NULL
Gross B-Field
Profit I-Field
Margin I-Field
Trend NULL
<date> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
much I-Aggregation
do NULL
we NULL
earn NULL
from NULL
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue

sales B-Field
profit I-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

top B-Order
<num> B-Limit
country B-GroupBy
by NULL
profit B-Field
<date> B-FilterValue

Which NULL
branch B-GroupBy
is NULL
the NULL
most B-Order
profitable B-OrderBy
one NULL

Who NULL
sells NULL
worst B-Order

What NULL
is NULL
the NULL
Sales B-Field
Delivery I-Field
Open I-Field
Balance I-Field

<num> B-Limit
least B-Order 
sold NULL
items B-GroupBy
<date> B-FilterValue

<num> B-Limit
worst B-Order
selling NULL
products B-GroupBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
deals B-GroupBy
by NULL
quantity B-OrderBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
deals B-GroupBy
by NULL
amount B-OrderBy

bottom B-Order
<num> B-Limit
sales B-GroupBy
person I-GroupBy

rvenue B-Field
of NULL
<BranchCode> B-ComparisonWith
vs. NULL 
<BranchCode> B-ComparisonWith

revenue B-Field
of NULL
the NULL
<num> B-Limit
most B-Order 
popular NULL
items B-GroupBy

the NULL
<num> B-Limit
of NULL
sales B-GroupBy
people I-GroupBy
who NULL
sold NULL
more B-Order
than NULL
anyone NULL
else NULL

sales B-FilterField
orders I-FilterField
amount I-FilterField
greater B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

sales B-FilterField
orders I-FilterField
amount I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
greater I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

sales B-FilterField
orders I-FilterField
amount B-FilterField
exceeds B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-Field
invoices I-Field
open B-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
greater B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

sales B-FilterField
orders I-FilterField
amount I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
greater I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

sales B-FilterField
orders I-FilterField
amount B-FilterField
exceeds B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

How B-Aggregation
fast I-Aggregation
do NULL
we NULL
close NULL
sales NULL
orders NULL

biggest B-Order
ar B-OrderBy
invoice I-OrderBy
amount I-OrderBy

<num> B-Limit
biggest B-Order
ar B-GroupBy
invoices I-GroupBy

ar B-Field
invoices I-Field

beginning B-FilterOp
with NULL
<num> B-FilterValue

on NULL
month-on-month B-GroupBy
basis NULL

the NULL
average B-Aggregation
selling B-Field
prices I-Field
of NULL
<ItemCode> B-FilterValue

on NULL
quarter-on-quarter B-GroupBy
basis NULL

on NULL
day-on-day B-GroupBy
basis NULL

yearly B-GroupBy
revenue B-Field

monthly B-GroupBy
revenue B-Field

daily B-GroupBy
revenue B-Field

quarterly B-GroupBy
revenue B-Field

revenue B-Field
of NULL
<ItemDescription> B-FilterValue

on NULL
year-on-year B-GroupBy
basis NULL

yearly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field

monthly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field

daily B-GroupBy
sales B-Field

yearly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
amount I-Field

monthly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
amount I-Field

daily B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
amount I-Field

quarterly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
amount I-Field

yearly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
volume I-Field

monthly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
amount I-Field

daily B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
volume I-Field

quarterly B-GroupBy
sales B-Field
volume I-Field

ar B-Field
invoice I-Field

ar B-Field
invoice B-Field
balance I-Field

open B-Field
ar I-FilterField
invoices I-Field

open B-Field
ar I-Field
invoice I-Field

ar B-Field
invoice I-Field
amount I-Field

open B-Field
ar I-Field
invoice I-Field
balance I-Field

ar B-Field
invoice I-Field
balance I-Field
due I-Field

ar B-Field
invoice I-Field
amount I-Field

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
greater B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
greater I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
less B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
less I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
equals B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

open B-FilterField
ar I-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
greater B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

open B-FilterField
ar I-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
greater I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

open B-FilterField
ar I-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
less B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

open B-FilterField
ar I-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
less I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

open B-FilterField
ar I-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
equals B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
due I-FilterField
greater B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
due I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
greater I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
due I-FilterField
less B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
due I-FilterField
not B-FilterOp
less I-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

ar B-FilterField
invoice I-FilterField
balance I-FilterField
due I-FilterField
equals B-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterValue

<num> B-FilterValue
days I-FilterValue
overdue B-FilterField

due B-FilterField
in NULL
<num> B-FilterValue
days I-FilterValue

delay B-Field
days I-Field

days B-Field
dalayed I-Field

days B-Field
in I-Field
advance I-Field

how B-Aggregation
many I-Aggregation
days B-Field
are NULL
usually NULL
delayed B-Field

back B-Field
orders I-Field

fewest B-Order
back B-OrderBy
ordrs I-OrderBy

back B-Field
order I-Field
quantity I-Field

fewest B-Order
back B-OrderBy
ordr I-OrderBy
quantity I-OrderBy

back B-FilterField
ordrs I-FilterField
greater B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterField

back B-FilterField
ordrs I-FilterField
quantity I-FilterField
greater B-FilterOp
than I-FilterOp
<num> B-FilterField